** This still needs to be updated

Robotics Using Bayesian Inference (RUBI),
Chiba Neuroscience Lab,
Cognitive Science Department,
University of California - San Diego

Subject: Pirat Project - Personal Role Description
Project Lead: Raunit Kohli

As a Staff Machine Learning Researcher at UCSD, my role is to lead the technical aspects of a project aimed to highlight pro-social behaviors in animals as they interact with self-learning robotic entities. I implement a wide range of RL-based algorithms into a small Ros-powered differential-drive robot for real-time autonomous exploration and agent-interaction using live pose-estimation data. The goal of my implementation is for an autonomous robot to use positional data of itself and its animal target, fed into an RL-model, to perform a target series of interaction-behaviors. 
I'm programming in Python on a in-house Ros-command software, using mostly Numpy and PyTorch. Over the span of two years, I tested a series of self-learning techniques for our robot to utilize in its aim, each method using positional data as a state-space and velocity commands as an action-space. I started with low-powered probability models using basic discretized positional state spaces, then worked up toward Markov Chains, and then simple Bayesian models, and finally am now testing a Proximal Policy Optimization model. Within each stage of this project, I performed a thorough literature review and implemented the algorithms in Python into our system, utilizing a rough Agile calendar and industry-style version control (Git/Jira) and unit tests. I then use individualized methods to test the efficacy of each algorithm, comparing it to previous iterations through standard ML statistical testing, implemented as Jupyter scripts with libraries like Scikit Learn.
Along with implementing the RL-based behaviors into our physical robot, I adapted our in-house Kinect-based pose-estimation software for live positional data collection of all agents for our robots to use. I refactored the tool in C++, rebuilding the depth algorithms from the ground up to become adaptable to experiment parameters and significantly decreasing latency, such that the system was optimized by over 300%. I also programmed multiple new features for data logging, video recording, and visual object representation. Further, I developed multiple small test frameworks for each experiment subsystem, and designed an end-to-end pipeline in Jupyter Notebook that measured and scored the accuracy and efficiency of the entire software tool. As the main software engineer, I also regularly share my progress to our lab at a wide range of technical levels, from low-level syntactical details to high-level foundational aims. 
My role on this project has been expansive, as I've gotten hands-on experience in building and tuning an entire RL model and scripting multiple in-house solutions utilizing industry-standard software tools and techniques. This project continues to grow and succeed under my guidance. I am confident that my expertise in overseeing and implementing such a technically complex and multi-disciplinary study can translate to a multitude of software engineering and machine learning teams. I look forward to discussing this project with potential employers and discussing how my skills can be directly applied on a collaborative and innovative team in the industry.
